Hello!
I am a software developer with 8+ long years of experience. My technical skills include Web Development for Ecommerce and CMS, Mobile App Development for Android & iOS app Development. I am passionate about building strong relationships with clients and delivering high quality work to meet their needs.

Experiences
1) Mobile Game Developer (Jan 2015 - Feb 2017) Relic Entertainment, Vancouver, Canada
- Developed "Jungle Run" for iOS and Android platforms, which received over 500k downloads in the first month.
- Worked on "Color Match" with over 300 levels and unique color-mixing gameplay mechanic, downloaded over 1 million times.
- Developed "Crazy Bird" with one-touch controls and simple gameplay mechanics, downloaded over 100k times.

2) Full-Stack Developer (Mar 2017 - Oct 2020) Endertech, LA, USA
- Designed and developed an online training platform for a construction industry association using WordPress.
- Designed and developed a custom eCommerce website for Melanie Lyne using Shopify Plus.
- Developed a responsive website for City of Hope using WordPress.

3) Senior Web Developer & Software Team Leader (Nov 2020 - Jan 2023) AlphaTech LLC, New York, USA
- Led development of an e-commerce website for Madewell, a popular fashion brand.
- Developed a real estate listing website that integrated with MLS database.

4) Software Team Leader & Fleelancing (Jan 2023 - May 2023) HyperionDev, Toronto, Canada
- Led development of Babaroni's e-commerce platform with payment and shipping integrations.
- Managed development of custom CMS for Health Today.
- Overhauled Hello Holt's website and developed a custom e-commerce platform for Swan Jewellery.

Education
Bachelor of Computer Science, University of Toronto (Feb 2009 - Dec 2012)
Master of Computer Science, University of Michigun (Feb 2012 - Dec 2014)

Languages
French: Native
English: Fluent
Japanese: Fluent